# Delete buckets

You can delete a bucket that you no longer use.

**Note:** For more information about the API operation called to delete a bucket, see [DeleteBucket](/intl.en-US/API Reference/Bucket operations/Basic operations/DeleteBucket.md).

## Prerequisites

-   All objects in the bucket are deleted. For more information about how to delete a small number of objects, see [Delete objects](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Manage files/Delete objects.md). To delete a large number of objects, we recommend you configure lifecycle rules to batch delete the objects. For more information about how to delete a large number of objects, see [Configure lifecycle rules](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Basic settings/Configure lifecycle rules.md).

    If versioning is enabled for the bucket you want to delete, make sure that all versions of objects in the bucket are deleted. For more information about how to delete all versions of objects in a bucket, see [Configure versioning](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Redundancy for fault tolerance/Configure versioning.md).

-   Parts generated by multipart upload or resumable upload tasks in the bucket are deleted. For more information about how to delete parts, see [Manage parts](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Upload, download, and manage objects/Manage parts.md).
-   All LiveChannels in the bucket are deleted. For more information about how to delete LiveChannel, see [DeleteLiveChannel](/intl.en-US/API Reference/LiveChannel-related operations/DeleteLiveChannel.md) .

**Warning:** You cannot recover deleted buckets. Exercise caution when you delete a bucket.

## Implementation methods

|Implementation method|Description|
|---------------------|-----------|
|[Console](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Basic settings/Delete buckets.md)|A user-friendly and intuitive web application|
|[ossbrowser](/intl.en-US/Tools/ossbrowser/Use ossbrowser.md)|An easy-to use graphical tool|
|[ossutil](/intl.en-US/Tools/ossutil/Common commands/rm (delete objects, parts, or buckets).md)|A high-performance command-line tool|
|[Java SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/Java/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|SDK demos for various programming languages|
|[Python SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/Python/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[PHP SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/PHP/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[Go SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/Go/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[C SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/C/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[.NET SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/. NET/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[Android SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/Android/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[iOS SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/iOS/Manage buckets.md)|
|[Node.js SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/Node. js/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|
|[Ruby SDK](/intl.en-US/SDK Reference/Ruby/Buckets/Delete buckets.md)|

## FAQ

-   What do I do if I am unable to delete a bucket?

    The bucket cannot be deleted because the bucket is not empty, or you are not authorized to delete the bucket. Troubleshoot this issue based on following causes:

    -   The bucket is not empty.

        Make sure that all objects, parts and LiveChannels are deleted from the bucket.

    -   You are not authorized to delete the bucket.

        The bucket is empty, but you are not authorized to delete the bucket as a Resource Access Management \(RAM\) user. Obtain permissions based on the following causes:

        -   You do not have the `oss:DeleteBucket` permission: If you cannot delete the bucket as a RAM user, request a RAM user who has the administrator permissions to add the `oss:DeleteBucket` permission to the RAM policy.
        -   The Deny statement is configured for the `oss:DeleteBucket` permission in the bucket policy: If the `oss:DeleteBucket` permission is added to the RAM policy but the bucket cannot be deleted, the bucket policy contains the Deny statement for the `oss:DeleteBucket` permission. You must change Deny to Allow or directly delete the bucket policy. Then, you can delete the bucket.
-   Why am I unable to create a bucket whose name is the same as that of a deleted bucket?

    After you delete a bucket, you are not allowed to create a bucket that has the same name as the deleted bucket within approximately 30 minutes.


