# Bucket overview

On the overview page of each bucket, you can view the usage statistics of the bucket, including the storage usage, traffic usage, domain names, and features.

## Basic Statistics

In the **Basic Settings** section, you can view the statistical values for **Storage Usage**, **Traffic This Month**, **Requests This Month**, **Files**, and **Parts** of the current bucket.

**Note:** The data on this page is not updated in real time and has an average latency of one to two hours. These statistics are for reference only.

-   **Storage Usage**: shows the storage usage of the current bucket. You can view the total storage usage \(excluding that for ECS snapshots\) or the storage usage for each storage class. Select a storage class to view the corresponding storage usage.
    -   **Total \(Excluding ECS Snapshots\)**: shows the storage usage of all storage classes of objects in the bucket, excluding ECS snapshots.
    -   **Standard \(Locally Redundant Storage\)** or **Standard \(Zone-Redundant Storage\)**: shows the storage usage of Standard objects. If the bucket uses locally redundant storage \(LRS\), you can view the statistical value for Standard LRS. If the bucket uses zone-redundant storage \(ZRS\), you can view the statistical value for Standard ZRS.******** For more information, see [Overview](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Storage classes/Overview.md).
    -   **IA \(Locally Redundant Storage\)** or **IA \(Zone-Redundant Storage\)**: shows the storage usage of IA objects. If the bucket uses locally redundant storage, you can view the statistical value for IA LRS. If the bucket uses zone-redundant storage, you can view the statistical value for IA ZRS.
        -   **Actual Storage Usage**: shows the actual storage usage of IA objects.
        -   **Billed Storage Usage**: shows the billed storage usage of IA objects. The minimum billable size for IA objects is 64 KB. Objects smaller than 64 KB are charged as 64 KB. Therefore, if a bucket contains a large number of small objects,**Billed Storage Usage** may be greater than **Actual Storage Usage**. For more information, see [t4341.md\#section\_t3z\_lxt\_tdb](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Storage classes/Overview.mdsection_t3z_lxt_tdb).
    -   **Archive**: shows the storage usage of Archive objects.
        -   **Actual Storage Usage**: shows the actual storage usage of Archive objects.
        -   **Bill Storage**: shows the billed storage usage of Archive objects. The minimum billable size for Archive objects is 64 KB. Objects smaller than 64 KB are charged as 64 KB. Therefore, if a bucket contains a large number of small objects, **Billed Storage Usage** may be greater than **Actual Storage Usage**. For more information, see [t4341.md\#section\_v3z\_lxt\_tdb](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Storage classes/Overview.mdsection_v3z_lxt_tdb).
    -   **Cold Archive**: shows the storage usage of Cold Archive objects.
        -   **Actual Storage**: shows the actual storage usage of Cold Archive objects.
        -   **Billed Storage Usage**: shows the billed storage usage of Cold Archive objects. The minimum billable size for Cold Archive objects is 64 KB. Objects smaller than 64 KB are charged as 64 KB. Therefore, if a bucket contains a large number of small objects, **Billed Storage Usage** may be greater than **Actual Storage Usage**. For more information, see [t4341.md\#section\_gc3\_mvh\_d7b](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Storage classes/Overview.md).
-   **Traffic This Month**: shows the total traffic usage of the bucket in the current month.
    -   Outbound Traffic Over Public Network: shows the traffic generated when you browse or download OSS data over the Internet.
    -   Inbound Traffic Over Public Network: shows the traffic generated when you upload data to OSS over the Internet.
    -   CDN Back-to-Origin Traffic: shows the back-to-origin traffic generated when you browse or download OSS data over CDN.
-   **Requests This Month**: shows the total number of API requests received in the current month by the bucket.
    -   Read Request: shows all GET requests. For more information, see the "GET requests" section of the [View resource usage](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/View resource usage.md) topic.
    -   Write Request: shows all PUT requests. For more information, see the "PUT requests" section of the [View resource usage](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/View resource usage.md) topic.
-   **Files**: shows the number of files contained in the current bucket.
-   **Parts**: shows the number of parts contained in the current bucket. Parts are generated by [Multipart upload](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Upload files/Multipart upload and resumable upload.md) and [Resumable upload](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Upload files/Multipart upload and resumable upload.md). We recommend that you delete the parts that you no longer use.

## Domain Names

In the **Domain Names** section, you can view the endpoints and domain names of the current bucket.

-   **Endpoint**: the domain name used to access OSS. This parameter is a commonly used configuration item for SDKs and OSS tools.

    -   **Access Over Public Network**: the endpoint used to access the bucket over the Internet.
    -   **Classic Network Access from ECS \(Internal Network\)** or **VPC Access from ECS \(Internal Network\)**: the endpoint used to access the bucket over a classic network or VPC. This endpoint allows ECS instances in the same region to access the bucket. Traffic generated by this endpoint is free of charge.
    -   **Transfer Acceleration-based Access**: the endpoint used to accelerate access to the bucket. Before you can use this endpoint, you must enable transfer acceleration. For more information, see [Transfer acceleration](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Buckets/Transfer acceleration.md).
    **Note:** For more information about endpoints, see [Regions and endpoints](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Endpoint/Regions and endpoints.md).

-   **Bucket Domain Name**: The bucket domain name is in the `BucketName.Endpoint` format, where BucketName specifies the name of your bucket, and Endpoint specifies the endpoint of the region where the bucket is located. You can use this domain name to access your bucket.

    -   **Access Over Public Network**: the domain name used to access the bucket over the Internet.
    -   **Classic Network Access from ECS \(Internal Network\)** or **VPC Access from ECS \(Internal Network\)**: the domain name used to access the bucket over a classic network or VPC. This domain name allows ECS instances in the same region to access the bucket. Traffic generated by this domain name is free of charge.
    -   **Transfer Acceleration-based Access**: the domain name used to accelerate access to the bucket. Before you can use this domain name, you must enable transfer acceleration.
    **Note:** For more information about bucket domain names, see [OSS domain names](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Endpoint/OSS domain names.md).


## Basic Settings

The Basic Settings section shows basic information about your bucket. When you move the pointer over a feature, the **Configure** button appears. You can click this button to configure the feature.

-   **Access Control List \(ACL\)**: You can configure the ACL for the bucket. For more information, see [ACL](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Data security/Access and control/ACL.md).
-   **Cross-Origin Resource Sharing \(CORS\)**: OSS provides cross-origin resource sharing \(CORS\) over HTML5. CORS allows web-based application clients to access resources cross origins. For more information, see [Configure CORS](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Buckets/Configure CORS.md).
-   **Back-to-Origin**: After you configure back-to-origin rules, OSS uses multiple methods to retrieve the requested data from the origin servers. This helps you address your needs, such as implementing hot migration and redirecting specific requests. For more information, see [Manage back-to-origin configurations](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Manage files/Manage back-to-origin configurations.md).
-   **Cross-Region Replication \(CRR\)**: CRR automatically and asynchronously copies objects between buckets across regions. It also copies operations on objects such as creation, update, and delete from the source bucket to the destination bucket. For more information, see [Cross-region replication](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Data security/Disaster recovery/Cross-region replication.md).
-   **Static Pages**: OSS allows you to call the PutBucketWebsite operation to set your bucket to the static website hosting mode and access the static website by using the domain name of the bucket. For more information, see [Static website hosting](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Static website hosting/Static website hosting.md).
-   **Server-side Encryption**: OSS supports server-side encryption for uploaded data. When you upload data, OSS encrypts the data and stores the encrypted data. When you download data, OSS decrypts the data and returns the original data. The returned HTTP request header declares that the data is encrypted on the server. For more information, see [Server-side encryption](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Data security/Data encryption/Server-side encryption.md).
-   **Hotlink Protection**: OSS allows you to call the PutBucketReferer operation to set the Referer whitelist to prevent unauthorized access. For more information, see [Configure hotlink protection](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Data security/Access and control/Configure hotlink protection.md).
-   **Lifecycle**: You can minimize storage costs by using lifecycle rules to automatically delete expired objects and parts, or convert the storage class to IA or Archive. For more information, see [Lifecycle rules](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Objects/Object lifecycle/Lifecycle rules.md).
-   **Logging**: When logging is enabled, OSS automatically records the request logs for accessing the bucket in the specified bucket. For more information, see [Configure logging](/intl.en-US/Console User Guide/Manage buckets/Manage logs/Configure logging.md).
-   **Versioning**: When versioning is enabled for a bucket, data that is overwritten or deleted is saved as a previous version. Versioning allows you to restore objects in a bucket to any previous point in time, and protects your data from being accidentally overwritten or deleted. For more information, see [Overview](/intl.en-US/Developer Guide/Data security/Versioning/Overview.md).

